docs(ddx): requirement section update (#3011)
scaleway/docs-content: bare-metal/dedibox/how-to/order-failover-ip.mdx

Failover IPs can be bought as single IP addresses with a maximum number of IPs per Dedibox server, depending on your offer, or as /27 IP blocks for Dedibox servers with a Business service level.

<Macro id="requirements" />

- A Scaleway account logged into the [console](https://console.scaleway.com)
- [Owner](/identity-and-access-management/iam/concepts/#owner) status or [IAM permissions](/identity-and-access-management/iam/concepts/#permission) allowing you to perform actions in the intended Organization
- [Linked](/bare-metal/dedibox/how-to/link-dedibox-account/) your Dedibox and Scaleway accounts
- [Ordered](/bare-metal/dedibox/how-to/order-dedibox) a Dedibox server

1. Click **Dedibox** in the **Bare Metal** section of the side menu.
2. Click the **Failover IPs** tab to display a list of your failover IPs.
3. Click **+ Order a failover IP**. A pop-up displays.
4. Choose the number of failover IPs you want to order. If you have servers with a Business service level, you can also order /27 IP blocks.
    <Message type="note">
      You can order up to 10 addresses at a time.
    </Message>
5. Click **Order failover IP** to validate your order.

>     The failover IP is being delivered to your account and displayed in the list of failover IPs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The failover IP is delivered to your account and displays in the list of failover IPs.
```
